document user ssh key agent migration (#725)
kubermatic/docs: content/kubermatic/master/tutorials_howtos/administration/user_settings/user_ssh_key_agent/_index.en.md

**Note:**
During the user cluster creation steps(at the second step), the users have the possibility to add a user ssh key and it 
is not affected by the agent, whether it was deployed or not.

### User SSH Key Agent Migration
Starting from KKP 2.16.0 on-wards, it was made possible to enable and disable the user ssh key agent during cluster creation. Users can 
enable the agent in KKP dashboard as it is mentioned above, or by enabling the newly added `enableUserSSHKeyAgent: true` 
in the cluster spec. For user clusters which were created using KKP 2.15.x and earlier, this has introduced an issue, due to 

> the absence of that field. User ssh key agent is enabled by default if that field is missing. However, it wasn't available 

Reviewer: I would just change "However, it wasn't available in the dashboard" -> "However, this isn't visible in the dashboard"

> in the dashboard. To enable the agent in user clusters created prior KKP 2.16.0, users should add the `enableUserSSHKeyAgent: true` 
> field to the cluster spec manually.

Reviewer: Maybe like this so its clear its just cosmetic
```suggestion
in the dashboard. To display the agent as enabled in user clusters dashboard created prior KKP 2.16.0, users should add the `enableUserSSHKeyAgent: true` 
field to the cluster spec manually.
```
